DD-1975: Add simpler version (#2)
DANS-KNAW/dans-bagpack-profile: docs/index.md

> This site documents contains the *DANS BagPack Profile* specifications. This is a document that specifies the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This site documents contains the *DANS BagPack Profile* specifications. A DANS BagPack is a BagPack as specified by the Research Data Alliance (RDA) with extra requirements added by DANS.
```
